Then what do you think our relationship is now?
What relationship do you say?
Then if we stay together
Will you marry me?
Get married
Xiaoya, stop making trouble.
We just get what we want.
Take what you need
Right
As long as you are with me
Chance to perform
Luxury car
I can give you all the money you can spend on the house
But it's impossible to get married
So we're just a transactional
Right?
Since you are not sincere to me
Then there's no need for us to continue
As long as you don't get married
I can buy a house and pay for it in your name
You can also help your family pay off all its debts
What else are you dissatisfied with?
Do you think I am a commodity?
As long as you have money
You can play with my feelings at will
What's wrong? I regret it.
If you dream, I will not regret death
I don't want your stuff.
I will accept more people in the future
I don't need your charity.